feat: add app.isHidden API for macOS (#32155)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

Hides all application windows without minimizing them.

### `app.isHidden()` _macOS_

> Whether the application is hidden (e.g. with Command-H).

Reviewer: Mentioning windows for clarity.
```suggestion
Whether the application—including all of its windows—is hidden (e.g. with `Command-H`).
```

> Whether the application—including all of its windows—is hidden (e.g. with `Command-H`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns `boolean` - `true` if the application—including all of its windows—is hidden (e.g. with `Command-H`), `false` otherwise.
```
